### Project 1
#### Word nerd by Lucie Soussana and Jake Hayduk

This project features a word game where the player is asked to complete words containing the group of 3 letters indicated on the screen. The player may increase the difficulty with the slider at the top left. It seems like the higher the difficulty, the more uncommon the combination of letters on the screen is. I don't know if it's randomized because I tried it on maximum difficulty, and it gave me "QN" as the bigram. I thought I was going crazy for not finding any words that have q and n next to each other, but turns out they were all words that no normal human has heard before. The game also features various categories you can choose from, you can either choose between birds, dinosaurs, hockey players, movies, and shows, as the word pool. I think that the concept of the longer the words you use, the more coins you get is quite fun. I'm looking forward to those coins to somehow have a sort of use in the game in the future. If there was one thing I took away from the code was a clever UI trick I never got to use since I'm mostly used to designing websites, and it was how they made sure that the chat would always scroll down to the most recent message.

### Project 2
#### Surveillance game by Alek, Kai & Emett

This project features a game puzzle where the player is stuck in a room and the goal is to find a button represented as a black square to progress to the next room. I think they absolutely nailed the horror aspect, the dim lighting and the music giving a feeling of uneaseness truly enhanced the experience. along the walls the cameras are constantly pointing at the camera used as the player, putting emphasis on the surveillance aspect of the game. Personally, I couldn't get past the level with the forest of triangle forest all pointing towards you, it trully felt like finding a needle in a stack of hay, plus for some reason I was expecting some monster to pop at me while looking for the button to progress, so I stopped. When it comes to the code, aside of discovering new Three.js functions, I don't think I've necessarily learned anything new, but I definitely enjoyed this project showcasing how far you can take simple functions.

### Project 3
#### Locust.most by Sama

At first, It was kind of confused as to what I was supposed to do. I'm met with this cricket generated out of white blocks and I thought the code was broken until I pressed started tapping every keys on my keyboard. I find the way the image osscilates at every single notes played was quite entertaining. I had to go through the markdown file to see if there was anything I was missing at first, and sure enough I was. It wasn't as obvious that the experience let me change octave when pressing down Z or X. Looking at the code I was pretty amazed at how easy it was to understand it and how Sama walked us throuhg every decision making of the process, it left little to no space for confusion. It was also interesting to see how they dealt with issues that might not be obvious at first, like how will the code react if a user changes octave while having a key pressed for instance, or how it'd react if 2 notes are played at the same time. Overall, it was nice to see how experienced with sound this person was, and it clearly showed throughout their coding.

